Update issues.md (#189)
GeyserMC/GeyserWiki: _docs/floodgate/issues.md

At this time, there is no way to run Floodgate on servers that mix Forge and Bukkit or Fabric and Bukkit (For example: Magma, Mohist, and Cardboard/Bukkit4Fabric) - most hybrids do not support the complicated procedures we need to do in order to allow Bedrock players to connect (for the technically minded: these server softwares typically don't support NMS). 

If you wish to use Floodgate in combination with hybrid servers, we recommend putting these servers behind a BungeeCord or Velocity proxy, and running Floodgate on the proxy.

> ## After enabling global linking, player data is not consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## After enabling global linking in offline mode, player data is not synced between Java and Bedrock players.
```

> This occurs because the UUID of the Java account linked to the Bedrock account be different from the UUID of Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This occurs in offline mode because the UUID of the Java account linked to the Bedrock account does not match the online mode UUID returned by Floodgate's global linking server.
```

> Please have  the `online-mode` in `server.properties` set to `true`. Otherwise, the UUID of the online player on the server will not be consistent with Mojang's server, causing the UUID to become different.Or use  local linking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using global linking, ensure `online-mode` in `server.properties` is set to `true`. Otherwise, Bedrock players will not be authenticated with the same UUID they receive when playing on Java Edition, resulting in lost progress. This does not occur with local linking.
```

Author: thanks
